[Music]
yes hello Internet I hope you're having
the bestest day ever in a recent video I
tried out the Dell XPS 15 laptop for the
very first time I was reminded how fast
Adobe Premiere runs on the latest
processor and well on a PC for the past
few days I've been testing out three
different laptops me personally I want
to change up what I use day to day for
video editing with my laptop because my
current set-up is the 2017 MacBook Pro I
took to Twitter to see what you guys
want to see in terms of a laptop
comparison well you had a lot to say
thank you to Intel for sponsoring this
video it was very very exciting news
that Apple just updated their latest
MacBook Pro line with the eighth
generation Intel Core i7 processor yes
so start with a Microsoft Surface book
to the Dell XPS 15 and also the brand
new 2018 MacBook Pro all powered by the
eighth generation Intel Core i7 which
means power speed in multitasking they
all have very similar specs with 256
gigabytes of SSD 16 gigabytes of RAM and
of course the Core i7 processor there
are variations in terms of what graphics
cards they're using XPS is $2,000 the
MacBook Pro is 2400 and then the book 2
is $2,500 these are definitely on the
spectrum of higher-end laptops for
creators so I'm going to match up the
ideal machine with the ideal creator
let's talk about the first creator it's
a pill maker a content creator a person
who's doing a lot of video editing first
things first
render times so we have the first 10
minutes of this week's podcast on the
line so it's dealing with some audio
tracks two different layers of video and
then a luma tree color color grade over
these clips so I'm going to export the
first 10 minutes this is the Microsoft
Surface book to
[Music]
the surface book came out on top however
currently Adobe Premiere is optimized
for those CUDA cores developed by Nvidia
for computing on GPUs so it makes sense
that the book 2 with its GTX 1060 is the
fastest Apple's video editing software
final cut X's obviously optimized for
Apple hardware so it wasn't a shocker
when the render times out of final cut
we're so much faster Wow 1 minute 27
seconds if you ever use the actual
speakers out of your laptop to edit or
Jam to music the MacBook speakers by far
sound the best and also the massive
trackpad is glorious for swiping in
between the creative applications and
just editing it's so smooth thanks to
the core i7 processor 4k footage runs
pretty smooth on all of these machines
in terms of scrubbing when editing when
using final cut in the MacBook Pro it
steals the show
so what creator would I pair up with
this new MacBook Pro the video editor
the trackpad is like no other laptop and
if you're using Final Cut X it's game
over in terms of speed now if you're a
premiere user like me I think you are
going to have more success with speed on
something like the Dell XPS when editing
with the book - I really couldn't get
over the tiny trackpad it wasn't the
best experience as I shuffled through
footage and I was trying to edit in
Premiere the second type of creator is
the photographer and designer some of
the things I love about the Dell XPS 15
is the beautiful 4k display the trackpad
is one of the best PC laptop trackpads
I've experienced the build is solid and
the quality is on par with a macbook
it's fast and premiere and the fact that
it's a two on one that makes it a
convenient and very cool entertainment
hub the only downfall is that the screen
is oversaturated so here's a previous
picture I took I posted it to insta
this is an example of how it looks on my
phone this is how it's gonna look to
most people on their iPhone or whatever
phone they use it looks almost exactly
the same on the MacBook Pro but look at
the Dell XPS the skin tones are very
heavily oversaturated so what you're
gonna have to do is somehow figure out
how to calibrate this display I couldn't
find an easy fix in the settings so I'm
starting to think the only way to fix it
is to use an external hardware calibrate
everything you know this thinks so this
is why the surface book too kinda takes
the cake for photo editing and designing
one the aspect ratio it's a three by two
aspect ratio which is kind of crazy but
that means it's taller than your typical
laptop screen it's not sixteen by nine
but that means you're gonna have extra
vertical space the display is a lot
brighter than the MacBook Pro and it has
ports yes it has all of the ports guys
so guess what you just took some
pictures and you need to put it into
your laptop and start editing well it
has an SD card slot you're not going to
be using dongs with this thing because
it has USB three USB C and SD the fact
that it's also a two on one
just like the XPS makes photo editing a
lot of fun you just put your hand on the
screen with your PIN and apply a mask or
a filter it's being able to use the book
to as a tablet is I think an automatic
win for designers but something else
that is just super nice about it is the
pin you know you can add shortcuts you
can double tap the pin screenshot maybe
a website that you're viewing with a
client you can automatically add markup
to it after you're done shoot it off as
an email and build most of the guts of
the computer besides a battery in the
graphics card or actually in the screen
so you can use it as a tablet so it is a
little awkward how it is very top-heavy
usually most of the parts for a laptop
are in the bottom but this makes this
computer the most diverse one if you
don't already own a tablet of some sort
I could see how the higher price tag
could make sense because you get a
powerful laptop but also just a
standalone tablet however I still think
the surface book to price is like a
little bit too hot still a little bit
too high the beautiful display the ports
that
SD card slot and the two-on-one factor I
think it is a huge win for photographers
and designers the 8th generation Intel
Core i7 processor is at the center of
these machines and the performance is
impressive the touchscreen precision is
synonymous with a pen and paper and 4k
footage is scribble even with effects on
it in the very last section is actually
what I'm most excited about it's the
gamer should gamers even have laptops
will shirt so let's see if these
computers can stand up to some video
games or PC games I don't know this is
my friend you're gonna see yesterday I
play PC games for the first time ever if
you guys want to see a little bit of
gaming on the new MacBook I did that in
my previous video but right now we're
gonna focus on these two PC machines
Chris you are the gamer that we're
bringing in here because I want to bring
a lot oh yeah okay so he plays a lot of
overwatch so he's gonna he's gonna show
me the ropes I want to try to play this
game but I wanted some experience in
here because I'm wearing the angle of
video editing photography design I'm
more on that creative side but I know a
lot of you guys want to also game on
these machines so overwatch do you think
I do you think I got over what's chopped
oh definitely okay definitely I mean you
play Halo before right dude halo was my
jam this is this should be pretty easy
we're in OBS this is a free software to
record and stream from your computer you
can download
time for overwatch ppmu Butte real game
sounds yes but overwatch basically is a
six versus six shooter first-person
shooter but it's not so simple in that
everyone's a human and everyone has the
same gun
they're called heroes so each hero has a
different set of abilities and skills
and uses so there are people who just
shoot but then there's also tanks who
take damage as healers who heal so the
team's is a team game so there's 26
different heroes they all have like
different backstories and stuff there's
different game modes where one is like
king of the hill style where you have
the control point another one's an
escort map or you have to escort like a
payload through map what does look like
to practice range you know left-click is
shoot guys if you don't see a video from
me next week that means I've just like
gotten really into PC gaming I'll start
a channel so I killed someone but then I
killed this so far the biggest iMovie
nervous is just look back
this laptops running pretty well yeah I
mean it's recording attendee yeah it's
totally playable yeah we're at 30 frames
30 FPS that it's recording this is
really good it's not even that hot okay
see look now we are great this is
amazing it's me so 70 percent or 70 FPS
80 FPS it's like letting so many of the
components are in the tablet of this
computer so the only thing down here is
going to be one of the batteries in the
graphics card so your keyboard isn't
gonna get as hot as what we were dealing
with with the XPS some like yes V thing
Wade you got it you got it
this screen is really nice I mean it's
probably the best made one of the best
movies ever ever played is on like I was
pleasantly surprised by the Dell XPS 15
and its ability to multitask with decent
gameplay and also being able to record
at the same time and the beautiful 4k
display the fact that it is a little
more oversaturated actually made these
games look amazing the book to gameplay
was upwards of 60 frames per second
consistently so even though I couldn't
record at the same time it came to
variable so all you gamers out there who
want a game on the go good news the
laptop that did the best was the one
with the lowest price the Dell XPS I
hope this video was helpful and gave you
some insight into these higher and more
expensive laptops also check out the
Intel link and you
more about these eighth-generation core
i7 processors so let me know if you like
this video and leave in the comments
below if you want to see me test out
another type of laptop shout out to
Intel for sponsoring this video until
next time guys - peachy ok bye
[Music]
you